Add policy reporter installation info (#238)
kubewarden/docs: docs/howtos/audit-scanner.md

See [here](../explanations/audit-scanner) more information about the Audit
Scanner.

## Optional: Installation of Policy Reporter UI

The `kubewarden-controller` chart comes with a subchart of the [Policy Reporter](https://kyverno.github.io/policy-reporter).
It is disabled by default, and can be enabled by setting `auditScanner.policyReporter=true`.
The values of the Policy Reporter subchart are exposed under the `policyReporter` key of
the `kubewarden-controller` values.

This will install only part of the Policy Reporter upstream chart, the UI, which provides a visualization
of the PolicyReports and ClusterPolicyReports in cluster.
See [here](../explanations/audit-scanner) more information about the Policy Reporter UI.

> For now, the Policy Reporter UI is only exposed as a ClusterIP service under `kubewarden-controller-ui` in the namespace

Author: ```suggestion
For now, the Policy Reporter UI is only exposed as a ClusterIP service with name `kubewarden-controller-ui` in the namespace
```

> where the `kubewarden-controller` chart was installed. Users need to provide their own Ingress configuration.

Author: good point, I wasn't aware! Done in https://github.com/kubewarden/docs/pull/238/commits/85283602e0244a35e6021a4048d456a58f78147c.

See [here](../explanations/audit-scanner) more information about the Audit
Scanner.

## Optional: Installation of Policy Reporter UI

The `kubewarden-controller` chart comes with a subchart of the [Policy Reporter](https://kyverno.github.io/policy-reporter).
It is disabled by default, and can be enabled by setting `auditScanner.policyReporter=true`.
The values of the Policy Reporter subchart are exposed under the `policyReporter` key of

> the `kubewarden-controller` values.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be nice to show a small yaml snippet of that:

```yaml
kubewarden-controller:
  policyReporter: true
```

Author: done in https://github.com/kubewarden/docs/pull/238/commits/8b7a7e1a0c79943fbac08f81cda3b6b55cd01ba8, which is indeed better.

Worth noting, been trying with minikube and the minikube ingress addon, and still I always get the ingress stuck in `Scheduled for sync` ... yet it seems correctly configured.
